Am I the ahole?

I,22 year old male, am searching for a job. My girlfriend, 45 year old female, has told me that not getting a job is MY fault, and I need to start contributing more to rent.

I am currently underemployed, which means I am working a job below my expertise. I have a bachelor's degree in economics, with a minor in finance. I am looking for a job in the finance sector, and while I am searching I am working as a barista at a Starbucks. She told me that I shouldn’t be unemployed and should have a job already, because the unemployment rate is so low.

I have consistently tried to explain to her that I AM employed, as people in part time jobs are counted as employed when calculating the unemployment rate. That is one of the reasons the unemployment rate can be misleading. The unemployment rate is all the people searching for a job over the labor force. The labor force includes people part and full time, plus those actively searching for a job. This calculation doesn’t include discouraged workers who aren’t looking for a job, like her.

She hasn’t had a job in the 5 years that we have been dating. She actually owns the house, so she doesn’t contribute rent. Instead she uses my rent money to buy herself stuff, and I have to stock the fridge out of the rest of my money so we have food to eat. All of these expenses have led me to spend all my time working, and less and less time applying to jobs.

Additionally, because inflation is rising so much the food is getting more and more expensive. The CPI, aka the consumer price index, has substantially increased. That means everything costs more, and the value of the dollar is decreasing. It takes something called a market basket of goods and compares it to a previous base year. However sometimes it can be misleading because normal people buy cheaper substitutes goods. However, my PSYCHO girlfriend throws whatever is not name brand out the window, so I can’t even buy cheaper options. The worst thing is I can’t even take advantage of inflation to pay off my student loans because my girlfriend only leaves me with the minimum amount of money I can pay off each month.

She then told me that things couldn’t be as bad as I say they are because our GDP is very high, ignoring the fact that I am a LITERAL ECONOMICS MAJOR. I try to tell her that GOD is only the total amount paid for goods and services produced within a country in one year, and can’t be a 100% accurate measurement for economic health. She told me I sound like a nerd and an idiot. That statement seems contradictory. GDP doesn’t account for income inequality, and just because the top 1% are doing great doesn’t mean that we are. 

She then beat me up, and I was sent to the hospital. I now have to pay crazy expensive medical bills, so I don’t think I have enough money to appease her anymore.

I need help. Am I the ahole? Should I break up with her? 

